Liu Tianhu Fei'er
goddess
Raymond Lam is a country bumpkin
He has no money anymore.
What are you still doing following him?
Why not follow me?
Let me take you to eat delicious food
It's not up to you to decide whether Raymond Lam has money or not
I believe Feng
Brother Feng, you have acquired Xingyue Media
Can I be your secretary?
OK
Li Feier, I think you are blind.
Actually acted like a lickspittle for Ling Feng
Not only Li Fei'er
When I acquire Xingyue Media
I want to make the gold diggers in the whole company
Treat me like a dog
Liu Shao
We're all here.
Why don't we go to the auction?
I said Mr. Qian
Is there a need for an auction?
You might as well just sell Xingyue Group to me.
Anyway, no one can offer a higher price than this young master.
Liu Shao, let's follow the process.
It's also for the sake of fairness.
To be fair
Do you think this country bumpkin paid
Can it be more than Ben Shao?
not to mention
The person behind this young master is not someone you can afford to offend
You still have time to give up, country bumpkin.
Whether it is Xingyue Media or Li Hei
It's not what you can get.